00_SETUP/README.md, before:

### Registering and provisioning watsonx Orchestrate Free Trial

1. Please access the following link:
https://www.ibm.com/products/watsonx-orchestrate and click on `Try it for free`
![alt text](images/image.png)

2. please fill in your email address can be personal email address and other information to register for watsonx Orchestrate
![alt text](images/image-1.png)


3. After registering you should get a code to your email.
![alt text](images/image-2.png)

4. Please add the code to register for free trial
![alt text](images/image-3.png)

5. Once registered please deploy the trial in `us-east` region
![alt text](images/image-4.png)

![alt text](images/image-5.png)

6. You will be directed to: https://dl.watson-orchestrate.ibm.com/. Afterwards please, login with the IBMid and password you signed up with.
![alt text](images/image-7.png)

7. Your instance have been successfully provisioned once you landed here.
![alt text](images/image-8.png)

### Installation of dependencies
Install and create a virtual environment from `requirement.txt`. Ensure your python version is 3.11

Run the following command

```
python3.11 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirement.txt
```

### Activating watsonx Orchestrate environment
Assuming your are running watsonx Orchestrate on AWS Cloud (Saas),
Please get your credentials from ![alt text](images/image_n.png)
```
orchestrate env list
orchestrate env add -n trial-env -u <Service instance URL>
orchestrate env activate trial-env
(Then enter API Key)
```
https://developer.watson-orchestrate.ibm.com/environment/production_import

Commit message:

feats: Add orchestration scripts and update documentation
Introduced PowerShell scripts for managing models, connections, and toolkits across LAB_1, LAB_2, and LAB_3, including import, setup, and removal operations. Updated README files with detailed setup and usage instructions, and added new instructional images to the UI documentation. Also reorganized OpenAPI JSON file location for clarity.

00_SETUP/README.md, after:

### Installing Python 3.11

Before proceeding, ensure you have Python 3.11 installed on your system.

#### On Ubuntu/Linux:
```
sudo apt update
sudo apt install python3.11 python3.11-venv python3.11-distutils
```

#### On Windows:
1. Download the Python 3.11 installer from the [official Python website](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3110/).
2. Run the installer and follow the prompts. Make sure to check "Add Python to PATH" during installation.

#### Verify installation:
```
python3.11 --version
```
You should see output similar to: `Python 3.11.x`

---

### Registering and provisioning watsonx Orchestrate Free Trial

1. Please access the following link:
https://www.ibm.com/products/watsonx-orchestrate and click on `Try it for free`
![alt text](images/image.png)

2. please fill in your email address can be personal email address and other information to register for watsonx Orchestrate
![alt text](images/image-1.png)


3. After registering you should get a code to your email.
![alt text](images/image-2.png)

4. Please add the code to register for free trial
![alt text](images/image-3.png)

5. Once registered please deploy the trial in `us-east` region
![alt text](images/image-4.png)

![alt text](images/image-5.png)

6. You will be directed to: https://dl.watson-orchestrate.ibm.com/. Afterwards please, login with the IBMid and password you signed up with.
![alt text](images/image-7.png)

7. Your instance have been successfully provisioned once you landed here.
![alt text](images/image-8.png)

### Installation of dependencies
Install and create a virtual environment from `requirement.txt`. Ensure your python version is 3.11

Run the following command

```
python3.11 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirement.txt
```

### Activating watsonx Orchestrate environment
Assuming your are running watsonx Orchestrate on AWS Cloud (Saas),
Please get your credentials from ![alt text](images/image_n.png)
```
orchestrate env list
orchestrate env add -n trial-env -u <Service instance URL>
orchestrate env activate trial-env
(Then enter API Key)
```
https://developer.watson-orchestrate.ibm.com/environment/production_import
